How often will you have to move in your career? So my classmate from Naval
Academy, four balls from Brooklyn, They've created lives, actually,
a lot of 84th Street. And up until we were department heads, Dave
had moved twice. I move 11 times that. Yeah. Now Dave is Vice admiral,
deputy for Stratcom. He said the move a couple of times now, war
since since we've been department heads together, um, the Navy is
trying to do homesteading, and I'm standing is good for the whole.
There's no stigma attached to steady. It's if you get it. But first
and foremost, it's needs off the Navy most of the needs, but not always
gonna be in the hole for you. It means that the Navy is just that
which applies. I wouldn't be where they need you. That's you go with
need. Yet they kind of go yet you know your next duty station afterwards.
So you hope about the details should help you out